Support null in some more places (#1753)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/nasty-rooms-stay.md

---
'braid-design-system': patch
---

> Support `null` for components' optional props, in addition to `undefined`
> 
> Previously, optional props could only be explicitly omitted with  `undefined`. This change allows you to alternatively pass `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
updated:
  - AccordionItem
  - Button
  - ButtonLink
  - Checkbox
  - Heading
  - MenuItem
  - MenuItemLink
  - RadioItem
  - Tab
  - Text
  - TextLink
  - TextLinkButton
  - useToast
---

Support `null` for `badge` and `icon` slots, in addition to `undefined`.

Previously, `badge` and `icon` props could only be explicitly omitted with `undefined`.
This change allows passing `null`.
```

Reviewer 2: Ahh true, it is all `badge` and `icon` slots
